Robert Cornelius

Pontotoc, MS 38863
6623171813
drewcornelius16@gmail.com

Summary

I am what I would consider a hardworking employee with customer service, multitasking and time management abilities. Devoted to giving every customer a positive and memorable experience. Skilled at operating with little oversight to complete tasks efficiently. Familiar with housekeeping, restocking and equipment operation practices. Tech-savvy and collaborative with friendly nature and driven approach. Hardworking General Laborer with multiple years all roles and high focus on quality and safety. Skilled in forklift operations and equipment repair and maintenance. Collaborates with team members to support operation with goal of increasing productivity and decreasing downtime and waste.

Skills

Production Assistance
Inventory Stocking
Customer Relations
Equipment Operation
Friendly, Positive Attitude
Customer Service
Good Work Ethic
Experience in Leadership
Improvement Plan Knowledge
Maintenance Understanding

Computer Skills
Active Listening
Organizational Skills
First Aid/CPR
Maintenance & Repair
Flexible Schedule
People Skills
PPE Use
Planning & Organizing

Experience

September 2020 - Current
Pontotoc Electric Power Association  - Pontotoc, MS
Right of Way Worker

Understood and followed oral and written directions.
Lubricated and cleaned machinery and tools.
Maintained good driving record and Commercial Driver's License (CDL).
Read plans, instructions or specifications to determine work activities.
Met company and OSHA safety guidelines for work site operations to minimize worker risk.
Utilized two-way radios and hand signals to coordinate communication between equipment operators.
Collected debris from trimmed and pruned trees to clean up work sites.
Removed and properly disposed of debris to maintain worksite safety.
Reviewed design plans and instructions and completed work according to specifications.
Pruned and trimmed trees and hedges with shears, pruners, or chain saws.
Operated loaders, boom trucks and tractors to complete tree trimming work.

April 2020 - September 2020
Three Rivers Planning and Development District - Pontotoc, MS
Laborer

Oversaw environmental waste discharge to protect people, animals and environments from unnecessary and illegal contamination.
Analyzed and implemented state, federal and local requirements to maintain approved pretreatment, pollution prevention and storm water runoff programs.
Exceeded customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.
Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services.
Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other.

August 2019 - April 2020
Cooper Tire and Rubber Company - Tupelo, MS
Production Associate

Inspected and repaired products to meet project expectations.
Wrapped items, placed in boxes and added proper labeling to prepare for shipment.
Moved items between machines, conveyors and transport equipment to meet production needs.
Sorted and packaged products to prepare for processing or shipment.
Assisted assessment of finalized product development to maintain QC standards.
Examined final products for conformance with quality and design standards.
Diligently maintained safety and quality standards.
Attended regular training sessions to increase machine operating skills.

June 2016 - July 2019
WHC Energy Services - Lafayette, LA
Welder Helper

Laid out, positioned, aligned and secured parts and assemblies with straightedges, squares and calipers.
Heated, formed and dressed metal parts with hand tools, torch and arc welding equipment.
Monitored fitting, burning and welding processes to avoid overheating parts, warping, shrinking, distortion and expansion of materials.
Scraped off excess spatter using portable grinders and arc-cutting equipment.
Read blueprints and drawings and took measurements to plan layout and procedures.
Adjusted gas flow and pressure to create and maintain desired flames.
Heated and dissolved metal parts to obtain molten substance used in welding or extrusion.
Determined welding strategies using metallurgy knowledge, geometry and welding techniques.
Prevented distortion of parts by monitoring fitting, burning and welding processes.
Used welding skills to help repair and maintain heavy-duty machinery.
Conducted hydrostatic and tolerance tests on welded parts to verify weld quality and conformance to specifications.
Set up equipment and welded parts according to welding chart specifications and type.

Education and Training

Expected in September 2023
Base Camp Coding Academy Water Valley, MS

May 2016
Ingomar Attendance Center New Albany, MS
High School Diploma